add Sons of the Forrest (#2320)
parkervcp/eggs: README.md

  * [exiled](game_eggs/steamcmd_servers/scpsl/exiled)
  * [multiadmin](game_eggs/steamcmd_servers/scpsl/multiadmin)
* [Soldat](game_eggs/steamcmd_servers/soldat)

> * [Sons of the Forrest](game_eggs/steamcmd_servers/sonsoftheforrest)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Sons of the Forest](game_eggs/steamcmd_servers/sonsoftheforest)
```
